Note.md, before:

# LeetCode

## <span style="color:LightGreen">**EASY**</span>
### String
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 013 Roman to Integer                  | 9th Jan.  2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 020 Valid Parentheses                 | 12th May. 2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 020 Valid Parentheses                 | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           | Dictionary                              |
| 125 Valid Palindrome                  | 12th Jun. 2021    | C#           | Regex                                   |
| 412 Fizz Buzz                         | 22th Jun. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |
| 387 First Unique Char in Str          | 8th Aug. 2021     | C#           | Dictionary                              |
| 409 Longest Palindrome                | 14th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Dictionary, HashSet                     |
| 383 Ransom Note                       | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | StringList                              |
| 118 Pascals Triangle                  | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |
| 1903_Largest Odd Number in String     | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           |                                         |

### Array
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 001 Two Sum                           | 5th Jan.  2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 014 Longest Common Prefix             | 12th May. 2021    | Python       | String Array                            |
| 014 Longest Common Prefix             | 11th Sep. 2021    | C#           | String Array                            |
| 001 Two Sum                           | 30th Jul. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 167 Two Sum II - Input array is sorted| 7th Sep. 2021     | C#           | Two pointer                             |
| 217 Cotains Duplicate                 | 28th Jul. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 053 Max SubArray                      | 29th Jul. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 088 Merge Sorted Array                | 30th Jul. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 350 Intersection Of Two Arrays II     | 3rd Aug. 2021     | C#           | List                                    |
| 121 Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock   | 5th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 566 Reshape Matrix                    | 7th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 026 Remove Duplicates                 | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 027 Remove Element                    | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 704 Binary Search                     | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 283 Move Zeroes                       | 20th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Array, Two pointer                      |
| 252 Meeting Rooms                     | 20th Aug. 2021    | C#           | 2D Array                                |
| 1287 Element Appearing More Than 25% In Sorted Array | 10th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Dictionary,  Binary search      |
| 1133 Largest Unique Number            | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | int Array, Dictionary                   |
| 1295 Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#    | int Array                               |
| 1232 Check If It Is a Straight Line   | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | 2D Array, Mathematic                    |
| 674 Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 1046 Last Stone Weight                | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           | int Array                               |
| 1196 How Many Apples Can You Put into the Basket | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           | int Array                            |
| 162 Find Peak Element                 | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           | int Array, Binary Search                |
| 937 Reorder Data in Log Files         | 25th Sep. 2021    | C#           | String                                  |

### Linked List
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 021 Merge Two Sorted Lists            | 10th Jun. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 206 Reverse Linked List               | 7th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 083 Remove Duplicates Sorted List     | 16th Aug. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 234 Palindrome Linked List            | 8th Sep. 2021     | C#           | Two pointer                             |

### Tree
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 700 Search BST                        | 6th Jul. 2021     | C#           | Recursive                               |
| 144 BTree Preorder Traversal          | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           | Iterative(stack), Recursive             |
| 094 BTree Inorder Traversal           | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           | Iterative(stack), Recursive             |
| 226 Invert Binary Tree                | 10th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Iterative(stack), Recursive             |
| 112 Path Sum                          | 10th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Iterative(stack), Recursive             |
| 104 Maximum Depth of Binary Tree      | 10th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Iterative(queue), Recursive             |
| 101 Symmetric Tree                    | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Recursive                               |

### int
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 007 Reverse Integer                   | 7th Jan.  2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 009 Palindrome Number                 | 7th Jan.  2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 070_Climbing Stairs                   | 13th Sep.  2021   | Python       | Dynamic Programming                     |

### Other
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |

## <span style="color:Orange">**MEDIUM**</span>
| #     | Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    | 
| :---  | :---                                  |    :----          | :----:       | :----:                                  |
| 001   | 701 Insert Into Binary Search Tree    | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Tree, Recursive                         |
| 002   | 285 Inorder Successor BSTree          | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Tree, Iteratively                       |
| 003   | 024 Swap Nodes Pairs                  | 16th Aug. 2021    | C#           | ListNode                                |
| 004   | 451 Sort Characters By Frequency      | 20th Aug. 2021    | C#           | String, Dictionary, stringBuilder       |
| 005   | 253 Meeting Rooms II                  | 20th Aug. 2021    | C#           | 2D Array                                |
| 006   | 139 Word Break                        | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 006   | 215 Kth Largest Element in an Array   | 28th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Quick Sort                              |

## **Others**</span>
| #     | Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---  | :---                                  |    :----          | :----:       | :----:                                  |
| 001   | O01 Bubble Sort                       | 11th Jul. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 002   | O02 Selection Sort                    | 23th Jul. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 003   | O03 Insertion Sort                    | 27th Jul. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 004   | I01 Reverse String Recursion          | 17th Aug. 2021    | C#           | String, Recursive                       |
| 005   | O04 Missing Number In Array           | 21th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 006   | O05 Merge Sort                        | 26th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Array, Recursive                        |
| 007   | O06 String EvenOdd                    | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | string                                  |
| 008   | O07 Substring StartEnd 1              | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | string                                  |
| 009   | O08 Quick Sort                        | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 010   | O09 Array Left Rotation               | 21th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 011   | I02_List Busy TImetable               | 25th Sep. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |
| 012   | I03_Sort Junction Box                 | 25th Sep. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |
| 013   | I04_Route Pairs                       | 26th Sep. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |

Commit message:

389_Find_Difference, 532_K_diff_Pairs_in_Array

Note.md, after:

# LeetCode

## <span style="color:LightGreen">**EASY**</span>
### String
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 013 Roman to Integer                  | 9th Jan.  2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 020 Valid Parentheses                 | 12th May. 2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 020 Valid Parentheses                 | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           | Dictionary                              |
| 125 Valid Palindrome                  | 12th Jun. 2021    | C#           | Regex                                   |
| 412 Fizz Buzz                         | 22th Jun. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |
| 387 First Unique Char in Str          | 8th Aug. 2021     | C#           | Dictionary                              |
| 409 Longest Palindrome                | 14th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Dictionary, HashSet                     |
| 383 Ransom Note                       | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | StringList                              |
| 118 Pascals Triangle                  | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |
| 1903_Largest Odd Number in String     | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 389_Find the Difference               | 29th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Dictionary, Sum of char                 |

### Array
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 001 Two Sum                           | 5th Jan.  2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 014 Longest Common Prefix             | 12th May. 2021    | Python       | String Array                            |
| 014 Longest Common Prefix             | 11th Sep. 2021    | C#           | String Array                            |
| 001 Two Sum                           | 30th Jul. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 167 Two Sum II - Input array is sorted| 7th Sep. 2021     | C#           | Two pointer                             |
| 217 Cotains Duplicate                 | 28th Jul. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 053 Max SubArray                      | 29th Jul. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 088 Merge Sorted Array                | 30th Jul. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 350 Intersection Of Two Arrays II     | 3rd Aug. 2021     | C#           | List                                    |
| 121 Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock   | 5th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 566 Reshape Matrix                    | 7th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 026 Remove Duplicates                 | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 027 Remove Element                    | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 704 Binary Search                     | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 283 Move Zeroes                       | 20th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Array, Two pointer                      |
| 252 Meeting Rooms                     | 20th Aug. 2021    | C#           | 2D Array                                |
| 1287 Element Appearing More Than 25% In Sorted Array | 10th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Dictionary,  Binary search      |
| 1133 Largest Unique Number            | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | int Array, Dictionary                   |
| 1295 Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#    | int Array                               |
| 1232 Check If It Is a Straight Line   | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | 2D Array, Mathematic                    |
| 674 Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 1046 Last Stone Weight                | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           | int Array                               |
| 1196 How Many Apples Can You Put into the Basket | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           | int Array                            |
| 162 Find Peak Element                 | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           | int Array, Binary Search                |
| 937 Reorder Data in Log Files         | 25th Sep. 2021    | C#           | String                                  |
| 532 K-diff Pairs in an Array          | 29th Sep. 2021    | C#           | int Array, SortedDictionary             |

### Linked List
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 021 Merge Two Sorted Lists            | 10th Jun. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 206 Reverse Linked List               | 7th Aug. 2021     | C#           |                                         |
| 083 Remove Duplicates Sorted List     | 16th Aug. 2021    | C#           |                                         |
| 234 Palindrome Linked List            | 8th Sep. 2021     | C#           | Two pointer                             |

### Tree
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 700 Search BST                        | 6th Jul. 2021     | C#           | Recursive                               |
| 144 BTree Preorder Traversal          | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           | Iterative(stack), Recursive             |
| 094 BTree Inorder Traversal           | 9th Aug. 2021     | C#           | Iterative(stack), Recursive             |
| 226 Invert Binary Tree                | 10th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Iterative(stack), Recursive             |
| 112 Path Sum                          | 10th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Iterative(stack), Recursive             |
| 104 Maximum Depth of Binary Tree      | 10th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Iterative(queue), Recursive             |
| 101 Symmetric Tree                    | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Recursive                               |

### int
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |
| 007 Reverse Integer                   | 7th Jan.  2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 009 Palindrome Number                 | 7th Jan.  2021    | Python       |                                         |
| 070_Climbing Stairs                   | 13th Sep.  2021   | Python       | Dynamic Programming                     |

### Other
| Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---                                  |    :----          | :----        | :----:                                  |

## <span style="color:Orange">**MEDIUM**</span>
| #     | Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    | 
| :---  | :---                                  |    :----          | :----:       | :----:                                  |
| 001   | 701 Insert Into Binary Search Tree    | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Tree, Recursive                         |
| 002   | 285 Inorder Successor BSTree          | 15th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Tree, Iteratively                       |
| 003   | 024 Swap Nodes Pairs                  | 16th Aug. 2021    | C#           | ListNode                                |
| 004   | 451 Sort Characters By Frequency      | 20th Aug. 2021    | C#           | String, Dictionary, stringBuilder       |
| 005   | 253 Meeting Rooms II                  | 20th Aug. 2021    | C#           | 2D Array                                |
| 006   | 139 Word Break                        | 13th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 006   | 215 Kth Largest Element in an Array   | 28th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Quick Sort                              |

## **Others**</span>
| #     | Problem                               | Complete Date     | Language     | Tags                                    |
| :---  | :---                                  |    :----          | :----:       | :----:                                  |
| 001   | O01 Bubble Sort                       | 11th Jul. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 002   | O02 Selection Sort                    | 23th Jul. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 003   | O03 Insertion Sort                    | 27th Jul. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 004   | I01 Reverse String Recursion          | 17th Aug. 2021    | C#           | String, Recursive                       |
| 005   | O04 Missing Number In Array           | 21th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 006   | O05 Merge Sort                        | 26th Aug. 2021    | C#           | Array, Recursive                        |
| 007   | O06 String EvenOdd                    | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | string                                  |
| 008   | O07 Substring StartEnd 1              | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | string                                  |
| 009   | O08 Quick Sort                        | 12th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 010   | O09 Array Left Rotation               | 21th Sep. 2021    | C#           | Array                                   |
| 011   | I02_List Busy TImetable               | 25th Sep. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |
| 012   | I03_Sort Junction Box                 | 25th Sep. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |
| 013   | I04_Route Pairs                       | 26th Sep. 2021    | C#           | List                                    |
